README.md, before:

# License Guide
License Guide is an opinionated helper for picking an appropriate license
for source code, font files, or other types of materials such as paintings,
novels, films, music, video game graphics, scientific articles, software
documentation, photographs, architecture, choreography, technical drawings,
sculptures, podcast recordings, fashion design, or anything else protectable
by copyright. The selection of licenses is [small but safe](https://github.com/chiralsymmetry/license-guide/wiki).

![](../../blob/assets/screenshot.png)

Where other guides approach the issue with positivity, giving recommendations
such as “use this license if you want something simple”, we ask questions meant
to illustrate worst-case scenarios, in order to minimize the risk of you having
to  regret your choice. We may even recommend not using a license at all — after
all, you always have the option of making your work more free later on, but
never the other way around.

To aid in understanding the complexities of copyright, the application
includes an informative “Q and A” section.

⚠️ The information provided by this application is for informational purposes
only and should not be taken as legal advice. Please consult a qualified
attorney for legal advice. ⚠️

## Usage
Download, run, click, read.

Users unable or unwilling to use a .NET application may use the HTML version
in the `docs` directory; it is entirely self-contained.

## Settings
Settings may be provided through a text file named `appsettings.json`.
Language may be overridden by setting `Language` to a language code, and a
rough ”dark mode” may be activated by setting `Style` to `dark-mode`.

```json
{
  "Language": "en-US",
  "Style": "dark-mode"
}
```

## Alternative Guides
- For source code: [GitHub's Choose a License](https://choosealicense.com/)
- For other content: [Creative Common's Choose a License](https://creativecommons.org/choose/)

## Contributing
The application may be trivial, but contributions are welcome, such as
feature suggestions, language translations, suggestions on questions to add
to the ”Q and A” section (with answers or not), and critique of the text of
the application.

Pull requests are welcome, but [remember](https://docs.github.com/en/site-policy/github-terms/github-terms-of-service#6-contributions-under-repository-license) that such contributions will be placed under the same
license as other content. For major changes, please open an issue first to
discuss what you would like to change.

## License
The source code is licensed as [BSD+Patent](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSDplusPatent);
see the `LICENSE.md` file which also contains a legal disclaimer. For other
content, see the `COPYRIGHT.md` file in the `Resources` directory.

Commit message:

Add links to online version

README.md, after:

# License Guide
License Guide is an opinionated helper for picking an appropriate license
for source code, font files, or other types of materials such as paintings,
novels, films, music, video game graphics, scientific articles, software
documentation, photographs, architecture, choreography, technical drawings,
sculptures, podcast recordings, fashion design, or anything else protectable
by copyright. The selection of licenses is [small but safe](https://github.com/chiralsymmetry/license-guide/wiki).

![](../../blob/assets/screenshot.png)

Where other guides approach the issue with positivity, giving recommendations
such as “use this license if you want something simple”, we ask questions meant
to illustrate worst-case scenarios, in order to minimize the risk of you having
to  regret your choice. We may even recommend not using a license at all — after
all, you always have the option of making your work more free later on, but
never the other way around.

To aid in understanding the complexities of copyright, the application
includes an informative “Q and A” section.

⚠️ The information provided by this application is for informational purposes
only and should not be taken as legal advice. Please consult a qualified
attorney for legal advice. ⚠️

## Usage
Download, run, click, read.

Users unable or unwilling to use a .NET application may download the HTML version
from the `docs` directory; it is entirely self-contained. Alternatively,
[view online](https://chiralsymmetry.github.io/license-guide/license-guide.html) ([Swedish version](https://chiralsymmetry.github.io/license-guide/license-guide.sv-SE.html)).

## Settings
Settings may be provided through a text file named `appsettings.json`.
Language may be overridden by setting `Language` to a language code, and a
rough ”dark mode” may be activated by setting `Style` to `dark-mode`.

```json
{
  "Language": "en-US",
  "Style": "dark-mode"
}
```

## Alternative Guides
- For source code: [GitHub's Choose a License](https://choosealicense.com/)
- For other content: [Creative Common's Choose a License](https://creativecommons.org/choose/)

## Contributing
The application may be trivial, but contributions are welcome, such as
feature suggestions, language translations, suggestions on questions to add
to the ”Q and A” section (with answers or not), and critique of the text of
the application.

Pull requests are welcome, but [remember](https://docs.github.com/en/site-policy/github-terms/github-terms-of-service#6-contributions-under-repository-license) that such contributions will be placed under the same
license as other content. For major changes, please open an issue first to
discuss what you would like to change.

## License
The source code is licensed as [BSD+Patent](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSDplusPatent);
see the `LICENSE.md` file which also contains a legal disclaimer. For other
content, see the `COPYRIGHT.md` file in the `Resources` directory.
